---
layout: post
title:  "Git & Github"
date:   2021-11-26 02:28:13 +0900
categories: story
comments: true
---

## __Git__

- __Git이란__

Git is a `free and open source` distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.

Git is `easy to learn` and has a `tiny footprint with lightning fast performance.` It outclasses SCM tools like Subversion, CVS, Perforce, and ClearCase with features like `cheap local branching`, convenient `staging areas`, and `multiple workflows.`

- __Git 명령어__
    + git init
    + git add
    + git commit -m 'msg'
    + git push
    + git log
    + git pull
    + git reset
    + git status

## __Github__

- __Github란__

GitHub is a `code hosting platform for version control and collaboration`. It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere. This tutorial teaches you GitHub essentials like repositories, branches, commits, and pull requests.

- __Github의 기능__

`Codespaces`
Visual Studio Code backed by high performance VMs that start in seconds.

`Pull requests`
Allow contributors to easily notify you of changes they've pushed to a repository – with access limited to the contributors you specify. Easily merge changes you accept.

`Notifications`
Get updates on the GitHub activity you've subscribed to. Use the notifications inbox to customize, triage, and manage your updates.

`Code review`
Review new code, see visual code changes, and confidently merge code changes with automated status checks.

`Code review assignments`
Assign code reviews to make it clear which team members should submit their review for a pull request.

`Code owners`
Automatically request reviews–or require approval—by selected contributors when changes are made to sections of code that they own.